feature: provide initial Rspamd support (#2902)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/environment.md

Set the timezone. If this variable is unset, the container runtime will try to detect the time using `/etc/localtime`, which you can alternatively mount into the container. The value of this variable must follow the pattern `AREA/ZONE`, i.e. of you want to use Germany's time zone, use `Europe/Berlin`. You can lookup all available timezones [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones#List).

##### ENABLE_RSPAMD

!!! warning "Current State"

>     Rspamd-support is under active development. Be aware that breaking changes can happen at any time. Moreover, you will _currently_ need to adjust Postfix's configuration _yourself_ if you want to use Rspamd; you may use [`user-patches.sh`][docs-userpatches].

Reviewer: A bit more context with the mention of what needs to be manually done here would be useful. Otherwise I'm not sure how useful the suggestion is? What sort of changes do users wanting to try this feature need to make to Postfix?

Author: I will provide a better explanation.

Set the timezone. If this variable is unset, the container runtime will try to detect the time using `/etc/localtime`, which you can alternatively mount into the container. The value of this variable must follow the pattern `AREA/ZONE`, i.e. of you want to use Germany's time zone, use `Europe/Berlin`. You can lookup all available timezones [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones#List).

##### ENABLE_RSPAMD

!!! warning "Current State"

    Rspamd-support is under active development. Be aware that breaking changes can happen at any time. Moreover, you will _currently_ need to adjust Postfix's configuration _yourself_ if you want to use Rspamd; you may use [`user-patches.sh`][docs-userpatches].

>     You will need to add Rspamd to the `smtpd_milters` in Postfix's `main.cf`. This can easily be done with `sed`: `sed -i -E 's|^(smtpd_milters = .*)|\1,inet:localhost:11332|g' /etc/postfix/main.cf`. Moreover, have a look at the [integration of Rspamd into Postfx](https://rspamd.com/doc/integration.html). You will need to provide additional configuration files at the moment (to `/etc/rspamd/local.d/`) to make Rspamd run in milter-mode.

Reviewer: This is better thanks :+1: 

Below is just an alternative revision suggested. Optional to apply.

```suggestion
    Required adjustments ([Integration of Rspamd for Postfix](https://rspamd.com/doc/integration.html)):

    - Configure Postfix to include Rspamd as an smtpd milter (`main.cf:smtpd_milters`):
       `sed`: `sed -i -E 's|^(smtpd_milters = .*)|\1,inet:localhost:11332|g' /etc/postfix/main.cf`
    - You will need to provide additional configuration files at the moment (to `/etc/rspamd/local.d/`) to make Rspamd run in milter-mode.
```

The 2nd step still seems vague for a user to follow. I'm not going to block on that however as this is temporary docs for a feature not officially supported.
